01) In general, what we are looking for are scenarios in which large numbers of rows are being processed by any given operation 
    within the execution plan. Once we have found a high cost component, we can zoom in on what the cause is and how to resolve it.
02) Key lookups happen when index is matched but we need to do lookup to fetch data in SELECT.
    Use covering indexes (include keyword) to help with key lookups
03) SET STATISTICS IO ON; This allows us to see how many logical and physical reads are made when a query is executed.
    Logical reads tell us how many reads were made from the buffer cache. This is the number that we will refer to whenever 
    we talk about how many reads a query is responsible for, or how much IO it is causing.    
    Physical reads tell us how much data was read from a storage device as it was not yet present in memory. This can be a useful indication 
    of buffer cache/memory capacity problems if data is very frequently being read from storage devices, rather than memory.
    In general, IO will be the primary cause of latency and bottlenecks when analyzing slow queries. 
    The unit of measurement of STATISTICS IO = 1 read = a single 8kb page = 8192 bytes.
04) SET STATISTICS TIME ON; This shows query execution duration
05) SQL Server maintains an execution plan cache that stores details about each query executed on a server and the plan that was chosen for it.
    DBAs can run queries against this to help find recommended index to add or delete. Execution plan cache will be purged on restart    
06) Parameter Sniffing might be a source of many execution plan index matches
07) Index Scans: Data may be accessed from an index via either a scan or a seek. A scan is when an entire index is searched to return the requested data.    
    If there is a legitimate need to return a great deal of data from a table, then an index scan may be the correct operation.
08) Index Seek: A seek is a targeted selection of rows from the table based on a (typically) narrow filter.
    A seek will traverse the index’s binary tree quickly to return only the data needed, without the need to inspect the entire table
09) Avoid functions in JOINs and WHERE (e.g., LEFT, LEN, SUBSTRING, etc.), these may force an index scan.
    Instead of "WHERE LEFT(Person.LastName, 3) = 'For'" use "WHERE Person.LastName LIKE 'For%'" instead    
10) Implicit Conversions: When SQL Server compares any values, it needs to reconcile data types. Some conversions can occur seamlessly,
    without any performance impact. But others like comparing NVARCHAR to INT may force index scan. Compare the right data types!